Which mathematical symbol was the title of Ed Sheeran’s first album in 2011?
What is the name of Miley Cyrus’ father?
Which former One Direction member released 'Watermelon Sugar' and 'Adore You'?
In which year did Little Mix win The X Factor?
'Crazy in Love' was the first solo No. 1 for which singer?
According to the lyrics of Kelis' 'Milkshake', released in 2003, where does her milkshake bring all the boys?
Which artist won new artist at the Brit Awards 2020?
What is the name of Elton John's biopic film?
Who was the most streamed artist on Spotify in 2019?
Which female artist released the single 'Rolling in the Deep'?
What kind of shop did 50 Cent rap about in 2005?
Who is the lead singer of Radiohead?
In a 2011 single, Maroon 5 claimed to have 'moves like' which member of the Rolling Stones?
'Shallow' - a duet by pop star Lady Gaga and Hollywood actor Bradley Cooper - won the Academy Award for Best Original Song in 2019. On which film's soundtrack did it appear?
Which rapper released the album 'Take Care' in 2011?
What is the stage name of Anna Mae Bullock?
What song by PSY was the first YouTube video to be viewed 1 billion times?
What headphones company, co-founded by Dr. Dre, was purchased by Apple?
Which singer has the most Twitter followers?
Who had a hit with 'U Can't Touch This' in 1990?
Who sang the song from the Titanic movie, 'My Heart Will Go On'?
Which famous rapper married reality TV star Kim Kardashian in 2014?
When translated, what does 'Karaoke' mean?
Which American rock band had a hit in the eighties with the 'Eye of the Tiger'?
What is the opening line to Queen's song 'Bohemian Rhapsody'?
Which Jamaican artist released a song in 1974 that begins with the lyrics, 'Everybody was Kung Fu fighting'?
Which female artist headlined the One Love Manchester concert in 2017?
What is the name of The Beatles’ first album?
Which Canadian artist released 'Man! I Feel Like A Woman!’ in 1999?
Where did Stormzy work before becoming a famous musician?
Who was the first to leave Take That?
What is David Bowie's real surname?
'You Spin Me Round (Like a Record)' is a song by which British band?
Who was the youngest Beatle?
What was the name of Crowded House's debut album?
Paul McCartney and Wings wrote and performed music for which James Bond movie?
In 2002, Christina Aguilera, Pink, Lil' Kim, and Mya joined forces in a music video for which song?
Which hip hop duo was responsible for the line: 'Shake it like a Polaroid picture'?
Which country has won Eurovision the most times?
Which band recorded the theme song to Friends?
Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake famously turned up to the American Music Awards in 2001 wearing outfits made out of what?
In 1984, Prince released his sixth studio album, entitled 'Purple Rain'. What was the album’s lead single?
Right Said Fred had a No.1 Hit with 'I’m Too….'?
What was Barry Manilow's first No. 1 single?
What’s the name of Britney Spears’ first single, released in 1998?
What was the name of Eminem's first UK single release in 1999?
In 1994, the Elton John song 'Can You Feel the Love Tonight' was released. Which Disney film from the same year featured this tune?
Who shot John Lennon outside his apartment in New York City on December 8 1980?
What year was the 'Y.M.C.A.' released?
Devil Woman was a hit for Cliff Richard in what year?
Daryl Hall and John Oates scored a number one single in 1984 with 'Out of ____'
